com.autopten.cheapcarsforsaleWeiterleitungshinweis
 Die von dir besuchte Seite versucht, dich an http://www.autopten.com/terms-conditions-and-privacy-policy weiterzuleiten.

 Falls du diese Seite nicht besuchen möchtest, kannst du zur vorherigen Seite zurückkehren.

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.mainevent.appHIGH CONTRAST
OFF
BOOK NOW
EXPERIENCES
BIRTHDAYS
LOCATIONS
SPECIALS
FOOD & BAR
EVENTS
ABOUT
GIFT CARDS
FIND ME
MAIN EVENT PRIVACY POLICY
Effective January 1, 2020
Main Event Entertainment, Inc. (formerly known as Main Event Entertainment, L.P.) and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively “Main Event”) are committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you, on this website, www.mainevent.com, and any web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Main Event, including mobile enabled sites and apps (collectively 'Web site') what we do with it and with whom we share it Please read and understand our Privacy Policy, as your use of the Web Sites signify your having done so and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, you can always contact us at the address or phone number below.
Main Event is committed to complying fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, and we take special precautions on this Website to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 (individuals under age 13 are referred to as 'children' in this Privacy Policy). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Main Event encourages children to consult with their parents before furnishing data and Main Event believes that parents should supervise their children’s online activities to ensure responsible and safe on-line practices. Tools are available and Main Event recommends the usage thereof which may aid in preventing children from disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission. We do not seek to acquire information specifically from children under the age of 13 on the Main Event Web site.
As used in this Privacy Policy the terms 'us' and 'we' refer to Main Event. You can find information regarding how to contact Main Event at the end of this Privacy Policy.
A. What This Privacy Policy Covers and Information Collected This Privacy Policy covers the personally identifiable information collected through this Web site and various other Main Event websites and online products and services, which may include but is not limited to, your full name, address, telephone number, email address, birthday, FunCard/Game Card number, username, password, billing information, such as credit card number and billing address, demographic information, such as a zip to locate our nearest location, etc. This Web site may contain links to other Web sites not owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us. These other Web sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Because some of the visitors to our Web site are children, we take care to make certain that our content is appropriate for kids of all ages. We do not ask our visitors to disclose more information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity and this Web site does not allow any user, whether a child, teenager, or adult, to post publicly any personally identifiable information.
Like most web sites, this Site gathers traffic patterns, site usage information and other aggregated data in order to evaluate our visitors' preferences and the effectiveness of this Site. This aggregate usage data does not identify you individually. In addition, you may be prompted to enter information to open an account or make on-line purchases which may hold personal information such as your name, mobile/cell phone number, mailing address and/or credit card information. We may share anonymous, aggregated statistics about visitors to this Site with third-parties, and we may allow third-parties to collect aggregate data through this Site and/or supplier sites accessible from or though this Site. We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on other types of personal data we collect, such as your location based on your IP address or your interests based on your browsing behavior related to our product offering.
This Site may use cookies to enhance the browsing and usage experience on our Site. 'Cookies' are small files or records that are placed on your computer's hard drive (by us or a third party provider of ours) to collect information about your activities on our Site. The information captured about your activities on our Site will make it possible for us (i) to speed navigation and provide you with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site; (iii) to monitor the effectiveness of certain of our marketing email campaigns; (iv) to monitor total number of visitors, pages viewed, and banners served on our Site, and (v) enforce limitations on downloads described for on-line coupons and other similar offers. If you refuse cookies, your experience on our Site may be affected — for example you may not be able to utilize all of the functions on this Site.
B. How the Information We Collect is Used The information collected may be combined with other information collected about you and is used and disclosed in a number of ways by us, to help us better understand and serve our customers, including without limitation the following:
To provide you with, or otherwise respond to your requests for, information and/or services, including but not limited to e-newsletters, marketing programs, forward-to-a-friend or other options in our marketing programs.
To enhance our customers' experiences at our Locations and on this Site.
To analyze customer behaviors and trends.
To conduct research and analysis and to otherwise measure the effectiveness of our online and offline marketing efforts and to develop products, services, and marketing programs.
To coordinate program activities and communications with other marketing programs conducted by us.
Create and manage your account;
Offer and provide products and services to you;
Respond to and communicate with you about your requests, questions and comments;
Manage your application for employment and contact you in connection with potential employment opportunities;
Process claims we receive in connection with our products and services;
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; determining the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and advertising; analyzing and enhancing our products, services and Web Sites; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);
Perform data analyses and other processing (including market and consumer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, anonymization, encryption and tokenization of personal information); Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (any of which are referred to herein as a “Device”) used to access the Web site. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device, and our servers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access Web Site. We may use Device Identifier information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Web site and our products and services. Device Identifier information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as personal information; and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies. In addition, we may use information collected online through cookies, web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ visits to our Web Sites, (ii) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse our Web Sites, (iii) marketing, (iv) demographic research and (v) managing our business. We may supplement data we collect through automated means with information about your location (such as your zip code) to provide you with content that may be of interest to you. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Web Sites, identify users of our Web Sites, and gather demographic information about our users. We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our Web Sites, how users navigate through our Web Sites, and how we may tailor our Web Sites to better meet the needs of our users. We may use third-party web analytics services on our Web Sites, such as those of Google Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the Web Sites. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these analytics providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the Web Sites. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit here. We may combine information we collect from you with information we receive from third parties and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Internet-Based Advertising On the Web Sites, we may collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices. You may see certain ads on other web sites based on your visits to our Web Sites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third-party vendors. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. The networks use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad network vendors collect includes information about your visits to web sites that participate in the vendors' advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the web sites. This data collection takes place both on the Web Sites and on third-party web sites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, click here. Information We Share.
We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you, except as described in this Privacy Notice. When you post a comment on our Web Sites, third party social network services or blogs, we may publish your name and/or user ID thereon with your comment. We share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may share the personal information we obtain with our affiliates, franchisees and joint marketing partners. We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, (iii) while negotiating or in connection with a change in corporate control such as a merger, sale or restructuring or (iv) in connection with your consent to sharing.
C. Purchase of Products and Services When making a purchase on our Website, you will be asked to provide your name, e-mail address, credit card information, and billing address. We use this information to process your order and, if applicable, to ship your order to you or your designated recipient. Your personal information is also used to contact you if necessary, during our processing of the online transaction and to send you Main Event’s periodic newsletters containing information about special events and promotions at Main Event.
D. Comment Inquiries Our Web site contains a link to provide us with comments about your experience Main Event. This section of the Web site asks for your name, telephone number, and e-mail address. We use this information to contact you for a follow-up conversation about your experience at Main Event.
E. Contests and Sweepstakes Periodically, we may offer contests or sweepstakes through our Web site. These contests and sweepstakes will require participants to provide us with their name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number. Children are not permitted to participate in sweepstakes or contests offered through our Web site. For more information on how we use personally identifiable information collected from contest and sweepstakes entry forms provided on this Web site, see the section of this Privacy Policy entitled HOW THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT IS USED.
F. Registration of FUNcard/Game Cards, email address and mobile Our Web site allows users to register their FUNcard / Game Card and sign up for email and mobile text messages by providing their card number, name, mailing address, e-mail address and/or mobile number. This information will be used to help you replace a lost or stolen card and to provide you with special offers from Main Event. Children under age 18 years of age are not eligible to register their card on our Web site or sign up for email and/or text messages. For more information on how we use personally identifiable information collected from your online registration of your FUNcard / Game Card, see the section of this Privacy Policy entitled HOW THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT IS USED
G. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) years. This Site is directed to persons who are at least thirteen (13) years of age. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information through any point of contact, we ask to be contacted at the below address or email address and we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files. H. Sharing of Personal Information as Required by Law We will disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law, such as if we receive a court order or subpoena demanding the information. We will also disclose personal information to law enforcement officials if we believe our disclosure of the personal information will help protect your safety or security, the safety or security of your property, or the safety or security of our employees, our property or this Web site.
I. Security of Your Personal Information Main Event requires that its suppliers take appropriate steps to keep your personal information confidential. Although we can't guarantee that there will never be a security problem, we have in place appropriate security measures to carefully guard against the loss or misuse of the information collected. Notwithstanding the aforementioned protections, Main Event makes no representations, warranties or conditions or any kind, express or implied, with respect thereto.
J. Privacy Rights All users may manage their data as follows:
Email Subscriptions. You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional emails by clicking unsubscribe in those messages.
Text Messages. You can opt out of receiving commercial or promotional text messages by texting the word STOP in response to a text from Main Event from the mobile device receiving the messages.
Push Notifications. You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your device settings.
Location Information. You can prevent your device from sharing location information through your device’s system settings.
Cookie Tracking. You can modify your cookie settings on your browser, but if you delete or choose not to accept our cookies, you may be missing out on certain features of the Web site.
California Residents are provided additional rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose the following information with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of personal data Categories of Personal Data Collected: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. law, commercial information, internet and electronic network activity, geolocation data, audio and visual information, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal data that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For examples of the precise data points we collect, please see description of “Information Collected” above. Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting and Using Data: We collect personal data for the business purposes described in the “How the Information We Collect is Used” section above. Categories of Sources of Personal Data: We collect personal data from you and Cookies and Tracking Technologies, Third-party Service Providers, Third-party social media companies. Categories of Personal Data Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal data for business or commercial purposes: identifiers, internet and electronic network activity information, commercial information, audio and visual information, geolocation data, demographic information, inferred information, and other information that we have derived or inferred about you or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Data: We may share your personal data with the third parties as described in the “Information We Share” section above. Sale of Personal Data: Main Event does not sell your personal data. Right to Know. You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete your transaction;
Provide you a good or service;
Perform a contract between us and you;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
Fix our system in the case of a bug;
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.)
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Other Rights. You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above. Exercising Your California Privacy Rights. To request access to or deletion of your personal information, or to exercise any other data rights under California law, please contact us at one of the methods set forth below in How to Contact Us. We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. In addition, California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosures, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either the email or physical address provided below in the How to Contact Us section and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to promptly provide you with the requested information Nevada residents, you may opt out at any time from the sale of your information to third parties by submitting a verified request to privacy@mainevent.com directing us that we do not sell to third parties any of your information that we have collected or will collect about you. The effect of your opt-out will be to prevent us from selling your information to third. Your opt-out will NOT affect the information we collect about you or use for our own purposes.
K. How We Will Notify You About Changes to the Privacy Policy If we make changes to this Privacy Policy that affect the way we use or collect personal information, we will notify you by posting the amended Privacy Policy on this Web site. We will indicate the date of the most recent update. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. L. How To Contact Us To contact us regarding the use of your personal information or your child's personal information, please e-mail us at privacy@mainevent.com, or write to:
Main Event Entertainment 5445 Legacy Drive, Suite 400 Plano, TX 75024 Attn: Privacy / Legal Department You may also contact us by telephone at 469-661-2695. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us here or toll free at 855-215-7667.
OUR STORY
BIRTHDAYS
SPECIALS
APP
FOOD & BAR
LOCATIONS
EXPERIENCES
EVENTS
STORIES
GIFT CARDS
FUN CARDS
VIEW ACCOUNT
CAREERS
CONTACT US
SITE MAP
©2023 MAIN EVENT ENTERTAINMENT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
FUN CARD CONDITIONS














Press Option+1 For Screen-Reader Mode

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.naimstory.soomjjak

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.vivint.vivintskyGET PEACE OF MIND TODAY
844.481.8630
View our
privacy notices
Click the links to view each individual notice.
Vivint Privacy Notice
Vivint GLBA Notice
Vivint Insurance Privacy Notice
Customer Support
Licenses
Privacy Policy
Term of Service
Copyright © 2023 Vivint, Inc. All rights reserved.
Do not sell or share my personal information. Limit the use of my sensitive personal information.

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.greentech.quranHome
Home
Our Apps
Discover
Organization
Help & Support
Donate
Privacy Policy
Greentech Apps Foundation is immensely grateful for allowing us to communicate with you. The reason for this notice is so that Greentech Apps Foundation can comply with the law on data protection and in so doing assure you that the personal information that you have provided to us is dealt with properly and securely and so that you know how to seek a remedy if you are not satisfied with our use of your information. Greentech Apps Foundation is a Data Controller and is a joint data controller in respect of the information that you have provided to us in order to enable us to process your donation. This means that Greentech Apps Foundation is responsible for the proper use and safe custody of your personal information.
Data Controller
If you have any concerns or complaints with regard to the processing of the personal information that you have provided to us you can contact Data Protection, at the following address: 20 Lilac Court, Cambridge, CB1 7AY, United Kingdom or by e-mail to: dataprotection@gtaf.org Greentech Apps Foundation does not have a statutory Data Protection Officer and it is not required to have one.
Purposes of Processing and Retention Period
Greentech Apps Foundation has obtained from you some personal information today. This information is sufficient to identify you and to enable to communicate with you by the means that you have elected (such as email) and for the specified purposes (such as keeping up to date with Greentech Apps Foundation’s work). Since you have elected to receive further information from Greentech Apps Foundation, such as our newsletter, then we have to retain contact information, including your identity and contact details, for as long as you wish to continue to receive information from us. We will contact you once every year in order to verify that you wish us to continue to contact you in this way.
We therefore hold your information for these purposes with your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing support@gtaf.org
Recipients of Your Personal Data
Greentech Apps Foundation does not sell, give, transfer or otherwise use your personal data other than for the purposes mentioned above.
In order to enable us to receive personal data for the specified purposes, we may provide your identity to a number of services that automate your data, we have carefully selected these services in a manner that is compliant with the regulation (see Automated Decision Making).
Greentech Apps Foundation does not send your personal information outside of the European Union. If any of the services does this then they are obliged to explain this to you.
Your Rights
We are also obliged to explain to you your rights in respect of our processing of your personal data. These are:
The right to request from Greentech Apps Foundation a copy of your personal information as it is held by us. There is normally no charge for us doing this.
The right to request Greentech Apps Foundation to correct any errors in the personal information that we hold about you. We may request some evidence to confirm that an error has been made.
The right to ask Greentech Apps Foundation to erase any personal data that Greentech Apps Foundation holds on you (although that right does not apply where Greentech Apps Foundation has a legal obligation to retain it).
The right to ask Greentech Apps Foundation to restrict (suspend) processing of your personal data.
The right to object to Greentech Apps Foundation processing of your
personal data under certain circumstances.
The right to ask Greentech Apps Foundation to provide a copy of the personal data that were obtained from you in a portable machine-readable format and to ask us to send that copy to another data controller.
Where you have given your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you do this, the withdrawal of consent does not affect Greentech Apps Foundation’s legal obligation to retain certain information such as for the purpose of keeping taxation records and it does not act retrospectively.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority (regulator). Greentech Apps Foundation invites you to make any complaint directly to the Data Processing Manager in the first instance but you have the right to complain to the regulator at any time. In the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland the supervisory authority (regulator) is the Information Commissioner and the further details can be found here: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
Automated Decision Making
The following are the automated decisions or profiling that is carried out using your personal data, with an explanation to the reason and the logic involved, as well as the consequences of processing your personal data in this way: Greentech Apps Foundation may use MailChimp, if you have signed up to receive updates or fundraising emails. After signing up, mailchimp will send you an automated email confirming your signup to an Greentech Apps Foundation list. If you have donated to ‌Greentech Apps Foundation you will receive an automated receipt for your donation from DonorBox. Greentech Apps Foundation may use Google Firebase to sync your bookmarks and notes from our apps. Greentech Apps Foundation may use Google Play Services to provide device specific information when you are using our applications through Google Play. Your email may be used by Greentech Apps Foundation to find similar people on facebook to seek compliant ways to elicit their support. Facebook uses your email to find your profile and then automatically looks for similar profiles. The above services that are involved in automating your data are GDPR compliant.
Further Processing
Greentech Apps Foundation does not and does not intend to process your personal information for any purposes other than those described in this notice and for which you have given your consent or where Greentech Apps Foundation has a legal obligation to do so.
Summary
Greentech Apps Foundation hopes that this notice explains how we will use the personal information that you have supplied to us and assures you that we are treating you fairly and lawfully. If you have any concerns or complaints, please do not hesitate to contact Greentech Apps Foundation via the details above. Nothing in this documents seeks to or should be taken to override any statutory rights that apply to you.
Last updated November 2020
To Be a Part of this Sadaqa Jariah,
Donate Now
Greentech Apps Foundation is a UK based charity providing Islamic apps for the benefit of Mankind, expecting rewards from Allah Subhanawa ta'ala alone and following the tenets of Ahlus Sunnah wal Jama'ah
Greentech Apps Foundation
Home
Our Apps
Discover
Organization
Help & Support
Career & Volunteer
Privacy Policy
Contact
Follow us
Greentech Apps Foundation © 2023
UK Charity No. 1178251

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.tracfone.straighttalk.myaccountHome About TracFone Brands Talk to Us News Room
Español
TracFone Wireless, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 2023
Introduction
Our Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect, how it’s used, shared, and retained, your choices about how it’s used and shared, and your rights under certain privacy laws. This policy applies to all TracFone brands including Total by Verizon, Straight Talk Wireless, Tracfone, Simple Mobile, SafeLink Wireless, Walmart Family Mobile, Net10 Wireless, Page Plus, GoSmart Mobile, and Clearway Wireless for Business. TracFone is a Verizon company.
When you use our websites and services you are subject to this Policy and the terms and conditions of the service associated with your brand. We do not require you to provide personal information to us to enjoy some of our services. However, if you do not provide certain personal information, you may not be able to use or access portions of our websites, such as the account features or account information.
Categories and Types of Personal Information We Collect
We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information when you purchase and use our products and services and when you interact with us. Depending on the products and services you use, the personal information we collect may include:
Contact, billing and other information you provide such as your name, nickname, address, email, phone numbers, date of birth, driver’s license, signature, other information needed to process payment, or Social Security Number or Tax Identification Number.
Identifiers that link to your account or device.
Commercial and transaction information related to your payment method, credit card information, including account numbers, card holder names and addresses, phone or device purchases, airtime card purchases or redemptions, wireless plans and offers, activation and port-in history, other financial information and records, and products or services you purchase or place into your online cart.
How you use our services and your devices, which may include: call records containing phone numbers you call and receive calls from, websites you visit, text records, wireless location, application and feature usage, product and device-specific information and identifiers, router connections, domain name server information, service options you choose, mobile and device numbers, technical configuration and other similar information. When you grant them permission, our mobile apps may also collect Wi-Fi, Global Positioning Satellite (GPS) and other location information.
Our cloud apps may backup your contact list, call records containing phone numbers you call and receive calls from, text records, text messages, your photo and video library, documents and music when you grant us the required permissions. In addition, depending on your mobile device operating system, we may obtain your permission to collect location information for scheduled backups or to locate printing vendors near you. Additionally, we maintain several internet websites and mobile apps to inform you about plans and services, and help complete transactions. As part of this, we may collect certain information including browsing history, search history, interaction with our websites and apps, and interaction with advertisements.
Network and device information including how our network and your devices are working. We monitor the conditions of the network you are using such as traffic flow, speed, capacity, power, and environmental, as well as temperature and operating status of home network equipment such as your fixed wireless equipment. We collect location information about your wireless device including cell tower location information. This also includes how you use or access our service or websites such as Wi-Fi usage, IP address, internet browser, operating system, geographic locations, the domain name of the website and/or Internet Service Provider (ISP) from which you are linked to our websites, the model of the phone that you are using, your device identifier (“UDID”), web browsing and wireless application use information, date and time stamp, clickstream data to analyze trends in aggregate to administer our websites, and websites performance information. We may also collect aggregated network strength data. This data may combine geolocation information, signal data, and other information to help us monitor the strength and reliability of the services we provide to our customers.
Demographic and interest information from third parties or from you to verify your identity or determine your eligibility for certain services. This may include age or date of birth, gender, marital status, disability, or military or veteran status. For example, this information may be required as part of the Federal Lifeline program to determine a customer’s qualification for SafeLink. We may ask you to provide a copy of your driver’s license to verify your identity.
Educational, professional, and employment information if you submit it as part of verifying your eligibility for our Lifeline program. For example, you may elect to verify your income by submitting pay stubs.
Your activity on our sites.
TracFone always seeks to provide the best service, products, and selections to our customers. We create customer profiles from information we collect and develop inferences such as your preferences, predispositions, and behaviors. We use this to better develop products, services and offers, and to market to you.
If you are referred to TracFone by your Health Maintenance Organization (HMO), we share your mobile number with the HMO provider. If a child or other beneficiary is the qualifying recipient for the Lifeline Assistance Program, we will also collect the child’s or other beneficiary’s name, date of birth, and partial Social Security number to verify their eligibility in the program.
How We Collect Personal Information
We collect information from you when you interact with us and use our products and services, including information about how you use these products and services and our websites, when you make a purchase, or when you establish or modify an online account. We also collect information when you interact with our customer service representatives or use our websites or apps to place an order or ask questions about your account or service; seek technical support; contact us on social media; enter a TracFone-sponsored or affiliate contest; participate in surveys; sweepstakes or promotions; refer a friend or respond to a referral; or participate in our rewards program. When you communicate with us, we may monitor or record the interaction to help us better serve you; to personalize your experiences; to train or otherwise support employees, resources or systems; and for fraud detection and security purposes. We may use artificial intelligence guided by humans, such as chat bots, to respond to your inquiry. When you interact with us through third-party services like Facebook Messenger or Twitter Direct Message, your communications are also governed by these companies’ privacy policies.
Some devices may have pre-installed applications that are used by us and our partners to collect network strengths, performance, coverage, and quality, as well as for marketing purposes. Additionally, these applications may collect information regarding your device, such as device identifiers, features, and software versions installed, for campaign management such as push notifications or to preinstall certain applications. Some apps installed or updated on your device in this way do not appear as icons on your device screen because of their limited utility. To see what apps are installed on your devices, use your device app controls in the settings menu on your device.
We and our partners also automatically collect information about your use of our sites or apps using cookies, pixels, web beacons, scripts, and other similar technologies. We use the information collected in this way to analyze trends, administer websites, analyze users’ movements around our websites, for advertising purposes, and to gather demographic information about our customer base as a whole. We and our partners also use these tools to collect and store information about our users. You can control the use of cookies using browser controls, but if you choose to disable cookies, you may limit your use of certain features or functions on our websites or services.
How We Use Personal Information
TracFone uses personal information to:
Deliver and maintain products and services and collect and process transactions
Establish and maintain your account, payment and claim filing purposes, where applicable, and to provide the auto-refill program
Anticipate and resolve problems with your service and provide account-related services
Help you with service and technical support issues or questions
Detect and prevent fraud
Comply with legal requirements
Communicate with you
Manage and administer our websites and services
Auditing and accounting purposes
Inform you of products and services that better meet your needs
Assess credit and payment risk
Manage and protect our services, employees and users
Help us improve and personalize our services
Research, develop and market new products and services
Authenticate you
Determine your eligibility for new products and services
Better predict content and marketing offers that may interest you
Measure service quality
Interest Based Advertising. We and our advertising partners use cookies and similar technologies to help tailor the ads you see on our sites and to help make decisions about ads you see on other sites. These companies may place and access cookies, pixels, tags, web beacons and scripts, or use similar technologies, on our pages and the browsers you use and may access advertising identifiers from your mobile device operating systems. These companies employ these technologies to determine whether you fall into an audience advertisers wish to reach and measure advertising effectiveness. If you wish to not have your activity on our sites used for the purpose of serving you cross contextual targeted ads you may opt out using your brand’s Your Privacy Choices page or enable a Global Privacy Control. You can also use the NAI’s interest-based advertising opt out. Please note that by “opting out,” you will no longer receive targeted advertisements but may continue to receive general advertisements.
Analytics. We use mobile analytics software to better understand the functionalities of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use an application, the events that occur within an application, aggregated usage, performance data, and location where an application was downloaded. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within a mobile application.
De-identified and aggregated information. We may also de-identify or aggregate information so that we or our affiliates may use it for business and marketing purposes. For example, the data we aggregate might be used to analyze, personalize and improve our services. We may de-identify your CPNI and, if we do so, we will maintain and use the data in a non-individually identifiable form and will not attempt to re-identify the data.
How We Share Personal Information
We share information within TracFone and with other Verizon companies for a variety of purposes, including providing you the latest information about our products and services and offering you our latest promotions. We will not share Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI), which relates to the type, quantity, destination, technical configuration, location, amount of use and related billing information of your wireless services, with Verizon for them to market services that are different from the ones you have without giving you an opportunity to opt out. We will also not share certain credit information, such as credit scores, your account history and information in your consumer reports, without giving you an opportunity to opt out.
We share information with vendors and partners. We use vendors and partners to perform services on our behalf, such as marketing, fulfillment services, shipping to customers and to help us offer, provide, repair, restore and bill for services. We will require that vendors and partners protect and restrict use of personal information consistent with the terms described in this Policy. Your wireless number may be shared for text messaging services operated by vendors. These vendors may directly contact you on our behalf by text messages with promotions, discounts, advertisements, reminders related to your services, or other information that may be helpful or informative to you. You can opt out of these messages using the mechanism provided.
When you purchase or use services that are offered by TracFone and one of our partners, both parties may receive information. When this is the case, you should also review the partner company’s privacy policy because it may describe uses of information that are different from ours.
We also share de-identified information with companies to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns or aggregate reports.
We may further share customer personal information in the following situations:
With affiliated and unaffiliated vendors who help us perform and deliver our websites and services, subject to confidentiality agreements where reasonably feasible, including: service and sales fulfillment; form processing; website management and hosting providers; information technology and security providers; customer service; email and newsletter delivery services; background check providers; credit agencies; advertisement partners and corporate sponsors; and auditing providers;
With third parties, including government and law enforcement entities, to protect our rights and property, to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorized or unlawful use of our products or services, and to protect our network, services, devices and users from such;
To comply with valid legal process including subpoenas, court orders or search warrants, and as otherwise authorized by law;
With the appropriate government and law enforcement entities, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect your safety or the safety of others or in other emergencies;
To advance or defend against complaints or legal claims in court, administrative proceedings or elsewhere;
When needed by outside auditors or regulators;
With necessary third parties in connection with, or during negotiations for, a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets; and
With your consent.
Walmart Family Mobile Customers. If you are a Walmart Family Mobile customer, we work with Walmart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart") to offer the Walmart Family Mobile service. Any information you provide directly to Walmart will be subject to Walmart's Privacy Policy, not this one. This includes information you provide to Walmart in connection with your device purchase, upgrade, return, or replacement, whether in its stores, by phone or online, including but not limited to, if you purchase a Family Mobile device or obtain technical support for the device at or from Walmart or its agents. In addition, if you activate Walmart Family Mobile communications services at a Walmart store, Walmart may request personal information from you that is passed to TracFone as part of the activation process, but which may also be retained by Walmart. You can learn more by visiting Walmart's Privacy Policy.
Software Application for Our Websites. TracFone also works with other companies who supply software applications for use on our websites. The software is used to collect survey or feedback information or support real-time chat sessions from customers who visit our websites and utilize these tools. Information from your web session, including your device serial number, phone number, and account email may be associated with your responses when you use these tools. This information is used by TracFone exclusively for analysis of survey or feedback results and will not be shared with any third party for any other purposes.
How Long We Retain Personal Information
We retain personal information as long as it is needed for business, tax, and legal purposes. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How You Can Opt Out of Email Marketing
We may send you emails regarding promotional offers or other news. You can always choose not to receive our email direct marketing communications by opting-out or unsubscribing. You can do this by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email promotion we deliver. Upon such election and within a reasonable time thereafter, we will not email you directly with promotional messages though you may see marketing messages from TracFone in other forms and directed at a general audience.
How We Secure Personal Information
We use administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process. Nonetheless, we cannot guarantee personal information will be perfectly secure at all times. Our security controls are designed to maintain data confidentiality, maintain data integrity, and give us an appropriate level of access to your data. For example, when you enter sensitive personal information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any questions about security on our websites, you can contact us at privacy@tracfone.com.
Links to Other Websites
Third Party Links. Our websites may contain links to other websites that are not owned, operated, or controlled by us. Any personal information collected by such third-party websites is not governed by this Policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy policies of such third-party websites prior to submitting any personal information.
Third-Party Websites. In some instances, our websites’ content is also featured on other websites with differing or non-existent privacy policies. These websites may collect personal information from website visitors that may or may not be used in conjunction with our website information. Prior to supplying personal information to any third-party company linking to our website, please read and understand their privacy policies.
Policy Regarding Information Obtained from Children
Our websites are not structured to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information, directly or passively, from children under the age of 18. Ordering online products and services from TracFone is limited to adults (ages 18+). Of course, wireless devices and services purchased for family use may be used by minors without our knowledge. If that happens, any information collected from the usage will appear to be the personal information of the adult subscriber and treated as such under this Policy.
Advertisements
Advertisements may appear on pages throughout our websites. Some advertisements may request information directly from our customers or take our customers to websites that may request personal information. We have no control over our advertisers' privacy policies, so please examine the privacy policy of any company advertising on our websites prior to submitting any personal information.
Public Forums/Blogs
Our websites may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You should not provide personally identifiable information in any publicly accessible blog or community forum.
To request removal of personal information from our blogs and forums, contact us at privacy@tracfone.com, and we will do our best to comply with the request. In some cases, we may not be able to remove personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Refer-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our websites, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address and automatically generate a one-time email to send your friend inviting them to visit the site. If you use the “Import Contacts” feature, we may collect your friends’ names and addresses in order to administer TracFone’s Refer-A-Friend program. We do not store your friend's information or use it for any other purpose.
Gift Purchases
If you purchase a gift, we will ask you for the recipient’s name and mailing address in order to ship the product to the individual. We do not retain the recipient’s information or use it for any other purpose.
Social Media Features
Our websites include social media features and widgets, such as the "Share This" button or other interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature or widget.
Surveys
Occasionally, we may conduct surveys on our websites. Surveys are conducted at random and are completely voluntary to our website visitors. The survey may require you to provide personal information in exchange for the information or services provided by the survey. We may use this information in an aggregate manner to better tailor the types of services, information, and advertising that are provided on our websites.
Mobile Applications
If you allow it, our apps may send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you do not wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off using your device controls.
Geolocation
You may opt out of the collection and use of location for features offered in our apps at any time by editing the location services setting on your device.
How Customers and Visitors Can Access and Update Personal Information
You can verify your account and manage personal information, including deleting or changing certain personal information, by logging into your account on our website and going to the account profile or account information section.
If you are unable to log into your account, please contact a customer care agent by calling 1-800-867-7183. All requests for changes or deletion of account information require account verification by answering security questions or providing the Personal Identification Number (PIN) you set when you first activated your account.
In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain personal information, or may need to retain personal information in order to continue providing a service.
California Privacy Rights
California consumers have certain rights as it relates to personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA). These rights include the right to request access to personal information, to request the deletion of personal information, to request correction of inaccurate personal information, and to say no to the sale and sharing of personal information. You will not be penalized or discriminated against if you exercise any of these rights.
Your Right to Know
We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this privacy policy. As detailed above in “How We Collect Personal Information,” we collect information from you when you interact with us and use our products and services.
Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information, some of which may be considered sensitive personal information under California law:
Identifiers, including, name, physical and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers
Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number
Account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number
Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us
Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing and search history on our site and information regarding your interaction with our websites, applications, and advertisements
Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls
Professional or employment-related information
Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior
Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you.
We incorporate personal information into different types of records, not always by distinct data elements. For example, your name could be part of your customer account record, transaction record, or call records. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them.
We use this information for business and commercial purposes and other purposes described in this policy as well as disclose it to third parties, such as vendors and partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. Business and commercial purposes include providing services to you; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes.
We share information that identifies you with a partner who facilitates your interactions with third parties, including for verifying your identity and providing information to assist with a decision on a credit application you have submitted to a bank or other third party.
We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites and in our apps using cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons, social network plugins and similar technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising. These activities may be considered selling or sharing personal information under California law. For information about how to opt out of these activities, and to learn more about TracFone’s selling and sharing activities, please visit our “Your Privacy Choices” pages linked in the “Your Right to Opt Out of Selling and Sharing Personal Information” section below. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information related to children under 16 years of age.
California law defines sensitive personal information as:
Information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account;
Precise geolocation;
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership;
Contents of your mail, email and text messages unless we are the intended recipient of the communication;
Genetic data;
Using biometric information to uniquely identify a consumer;
Collecting and analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation.
We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than to provide the goods or services requested by you, with your consent, or for other purposes expressly authorized by California law, such as to detect security incidents.
Your Right to Access
Under California law, California consumers have the right to access the personal information we have about them. If you are a California resident, you or your authorized agent can log into your account and request access to personal information. If you do not have an account, you can submit a request to obtain, free of charge, an electronic, portable copy of personal information. Instructions on how to submit this request can be found below under “How to Submit Your CCPA Request.”
Verifiable Consumer Request. We take security very seriously so we will provide personal information only after you verify your identity through safe and secure means, which means using methods and information that are not publicly available. Also, we will honor up to two consumer rights requests every twelve months as required by California law.
Time to Provide Personal Information. We will endeavor to provide this information to you within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time.
Your Right to Delete
California consumers also have the right to delete personal information. We are unable to delete information that is necessary to provide you ongoing service, for security purposes, that we are contractually obligated to retain, or that is necessary to comply with legal obligations. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to delete. Instructions on how to submit this request can be found below under “How to Submit Your CCPA Request.”
Your Right to Correct
California consumers have the right to correct inaccurate personal information that a business maintains about them. If you are a California resident, you or your authorized agent may submit a request to correct. Instructions on how to submit this request can be found below under “How to Submit Your CCPA Request.”
Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The term “sale or sharing” is broadly defined to include sharing personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration and the sharing of personal information for cross contextual advertising purposes, but does not cover all sharing of personal information.
Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale or share” in the CCPA are:
sharing information with a third party conducting identity and credit inquiries;
using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our sites and apps using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising.
To opt out of the selling and sharing of personal information, including for identify verification and credit inquiry purposes, please visit our Your Privacy Choices pages, available at:
https://www.tracfone.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.straighttalk.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.simplemobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.net10wireless.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.myfamilymobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.totalbyverizon.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.Safelinkwireless.com/Enrollment/Safelink/en/Web/www/default/index.html#!/myAccount/privacy
https://www.gosmartmobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
We also recognize that you are exercising your choice to opt out if you engage a browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) when visiting our sites. If you are a member who is logged in to your account when using the GPC signal, we will apply your choice to activity on our website whenever you are logged in and to non-website activities to the personal information associated with your account. However, if you are not logged in or don’t have an account and use a GPC, we will opt you out of sharing activity on our sites, but may need more information from you to identify you and apply your choice to non-website sharing activities.
Clearway Wireless for Business does not sell or share personal information.
How to Submit Your CCPA Request
If you wish to exercise your right to access, delete, or correct personal information, you or your authorized agent can make a request through your existing online account. If you do not have an existing account, you can submit a request by calling 1-877-799-1999 or submitting a request online at:
https://www.tracfone.com/ccpa/home
https://www.straighttalk.com/ccpa/home
https://www.simplemobile.com/ccpa/home
https://www.net10wireless.com/ccpa/home
https://www.myfamilymobile.com/ccpa/home
https://www.totalbyverizon.com/ccpa/home
https://www.Safelinkwireless.com/Enrollment/Safelink/en/Web/www/default/index.html#!/myAccount/privacy
https://www.gosmartmobile.com/ccpa/home
https://www.pagepluscellular.com/ccpa/
If you are a representative of a Clearway Wireless for Business customer and wish to submit a CCPA request, you can submit a request by calling 1-844-638-1028 or emailing INSERT.
Your Right to Non-Discrimination
If you exercise any of your California rights, TracFone will not treat you differently such as by denying goods or services, charging a different price (including through discounts), or providing a different level of quality of goods or services.
Shine the Light
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California consumers to request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties to whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you wish to submit a request, you may write to us at privacy@tracfone.com or call us at 1-877-799-1999.
Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law allows customers to opt out of the sale of their personally identifiable information by online service providers such as website operators. Nevada law defines "sale" as the exchange of certain personally identifiable customer information for money. Personally identifiable information includes name, address, phone number, SSN, or any identifier that can be used to contact you electronically.
TracFone doesn’t sell personally identifiable information today and we don’t have plans to start. If TracFone ever starts selling such personal information, current TracFone customers will be opted out. If you have any questions, please contact us at 1-877-799-1999.
Virginia Privacy Rights
Virginia consumers have certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and howe we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you; to have us not use sensitive data about you without your consent; to not be discriminated against for invoking these rights; and to appeal the denial of a request to exercise one of these privacy rights.
Your Right to Know
We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this privacy policy. As detailed above in “How We Collect Personal Information,” we collect information from you when you interact with us and use our products and services.
Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information, some of which may be considered sensitive personal information under Virginia law:
Identifiers, including, name, physical and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers
Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number
Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us
Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing and search history on our site and information regarding your interaction with our websites, applications, and advertisements
Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls
Professional or employment-related information
Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior.
Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you.
We use this information for business and commercial purposes and other purposes as well as disclose it to third parties, such as vendors and partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. Business and commercial purposes include providing services to you; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes.
We may share information that identifies you with a partner who uses it to assist in your interactions with third parties. First, we may share personal information collected about you to confirm your identity when you are transacting with or signing into a third party service, such as your bank. Second, we may share personal information collected about you with third parties you are attempting to do business with to help make a credit decision on an application for service that you have submitted to a third party. This activity may be a sale of personal information under Virginia law. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites and in our apps using cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons, social network plugins and similar technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising. This activity may be considered targeted advertising under Virginia law. For information about how to opt out of these activities, and to learn more about TracFone’s selling and targeted advertising activities, please visit our “Your Privacy Choices” pages links in the “Your Right to Opt Out of Selling Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information related to children under 16 years of age.
Virginia law defines sensitive personal information as:
information that reveals racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status;
genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer;
personal information collected from a known child; and
precise geolocation.
We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than to provide the goods or services requested by you, with your consent, or for other purposes expressly authorized by Virginia law.
Your Right to Access
Under Virginia law, Virginia consumers have the right to access the personal information we have collected about them. If you are a Virginia resident, you or your authorized agent can log into your account and request access to personal information. If you do not have an account, you can submit a request to obtain, free of charge, an electronic, portable copy of personal information. Instructions on how to submit this request can be found below under “How to Submit Your Privacy Rights Request.”
Verifiable Consumer Request. We take security very seriously so we will provide personal information only after you verify your identity through safe and secure means, which means using methods and information that are not publicly available. Also, we will honor up to two consumer rights requests every twelve months as required by California law.
Time to Provide Personal Information. We will endeavor to provide this information to you within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time.
Your Right to Delete
Virginia consumers also have the right to delete personal information. We are unable to delete information that is necessary to provide you ongoing service, for security purposes, that we are contractually obligated to retain, or that is necessary to comply with legal obligations. If you would like us to delete, you or your authorized agent may submit a request to delete. Instructions on how to submit this request can be found below under “How to Submit Your Privacy Rights Request.
Your Right to Correct
Virginia consumers have the right to correct inaccurate personal information that a business maintains about them. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to correct. Instructions on how to submit this request can be found below under “How to Submit Your Privacy Rights Request.”
Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information
Virginia consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration.
Our activity that falls under the definition of “sale” under the Virginia law is:
sharing information with a third party conducting identity and credit inquiries.
To opt out of the sale of personal information, including for identity verification and credit inquiry purposes, please visit our Your Privacy Choices pages, available at:
https://www.tracfone.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.straighttalk.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.simplemobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.net10wireless.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.myfamilymobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.totalbyverizon.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.Safelinkwireless.com/Enrollment/Safelink/en/Web/www/default/index.html#!/myAccount/privacy
https://www.gosmartmobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
Your Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising
Virginia consumers have the right to opt out of targeted advertising. The Virginia law defines targeted advertising as displaying advertisements to a consumer where the ad is selected by using or sharing personal information obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or apps to predict that consumer's preferences or interests.
Our activity that falls under the definition of “targeted advertising” under the Virginia law is:
using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our websites and app using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising.
To opt out of cross contextual targeted advertising, please visit our Your Privacy Choices pages, available at:
https://www.tracfone.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.straighttalk.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.simplemobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.net10wireless.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.myfamilymobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.totalbyverizon.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
https://www.Safelinkwireless.com/Enrollment/Safelink/en/Web/www/default/index.html#!/myAccount/privacy
https://www.gosmartmobile.com/ccpa/home?reqType=dns
We also recognize that you are exercising your choice to opt out if you engage a browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) when visiting our sites. If you are a member who is logged in to your account when using the GPC signal, we will apply your choice to activity on our website whenever you are logged in and to non-website activities to the personal information associated with your account. However, if you are not logged in or don’t have an account and use a GPC, we will opt you out of sharing activity on our sites, but may need more information from you to identify you and apply your choice to non-website sharing activities.
Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling
We do not use personal information to profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Your Right to Appeal
As a Virginia resident, if we deny your privacy rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. You may submit this appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal of a decision we have made regarding your privacy rights by emailing us at privacy@tracfone.com. When submitting your appeal through email, use the word "APPEAL" in your subject line and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal.
How to Submit Your Privacy Rights Request
If you wish to exercise your right to access, delete, or correct personal information, you can make a request through your existing online account. You, if you do not have an existing account, or your authorized agent can submit a request by calling 1-877-799-1999 or submitting a request online at:
https://www.tracfone.com/ccpa/home
https://www.straighttalk.com/ccpa/home
https://www.simplemobile.com/ccpa/home
https://www.net10.com/ccpa/home
https://www.myfamilymobile.com/ccpa/home
https://www.totalbyverizon.com/ccpa/home
https://www.Safelinkwireless.com/Enrollment/Safelink/en/Web/www/default/index.html#!/myAccount/privacy
https://www.gosmartmobile.com/ccpa/home
https://www.pagepluscellular.com/ccpa/
Changes To This Policy
We may make changes to this Policy, so please check back periodically. When we do, we will revise the effective date above. If we decide to use or disclose information that identifies you personally in a way that is materially different from what we stated in our privacy policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice about the new use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include an opportunity to opt out.
How to Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy to:
privacyoffice@verizon.com
Verizon Privacy Office
1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East
Washington, DC 20005
If you have any unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed to your satisfaction, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
America’s largest prepaid, no-contract wireless service provider.
Site Map
Home
About TracFone
Verizon Acquisition
Brands
Lifeline Program
Verizon Migration
News Room
Careers
Brands
Straight Talk Wireless
English Spanish
Tracfone
English Spanish
SIMPLE Mobile
English Spanish
Total by Verizon
English Spanish
SafeLink Wireless
English Spanish
Walmart Family Mobile
English Spanish
NET10 Wireless
English Spanish
Page Plus Cellular
English
GoSmart Mobile
English Spanish
Clearway Wireless
English
Contact
TracFone Wireless, Inc.
9700 N.W. 112th Avenue
Miami, FL 33178
media@tracfone.com

Lifeline Program Information
1-800-723-3546 (SafeLink)
1-800-973-9716 (MyFamilyMobile)
Verizon Migration Program Information
1-888-899-8789
(California)
1-866-667-6437
(Non-California)
Policies & Notices
Privacy Policy
Unlocking Policy
CA Prepaid Wireless Charges
Code of Conduct
TRACFONE®, NET10®, STRAIGHT TALK®, SIMPLE MOBILE®, Total by Verizon®, PAGE PLUS and SAFELINK WIRELESS® are registered trademarks of TracFone Wireless Inc., a Verizon company.  All other trademarks, service marks, and trade names referenced in this site are the property of their respective owners. View our Privacy Policy.

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.votorantim.bvpdNavegação
Pular para o Conteúdo
Para você
Para empresas
Institucional
BV Asset
Atendimento
Parceiros
Blog BV Inspira
Área do cliente
Para você
Cartões
Financiamentos
Seguros
Empréstimos
Conta BV private
Conta BV
Acesse pelo app
Para empresas
Conta BV corporate
Outras opções
Assinatura de contratos
E-mail Banking
Portal Antecipa BV
Veículos
Conta
Cartões
Empréstimos
Financiamentos
Seguros e Assistências
BV private
Open finance
Conheça nossas soluções de veículos
Encontre seu veículo Novo!
Simule seu financiamento
Escolha seu seguro
Peça crédito usando seu veículo
Você também pode querer
Emitir 2ª via de boletos
Acessar seu financiamento
Conheça nossos financiamentos
Encontrar um loja BV
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Saiba mais sobre a Conta BV
Conheça nosso app
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Cartões BV
Cartões Dotz BV
Conheça nossas soluções de empréstimo
Empréstimo Pessoal BV
Empréstimo com Veículo em Garantia BV
Empréstimo Consignado BV
Empréstimo FGTS BV
Você também pode querer
Acessar seu empréstimo
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Conheca nossos financiamentos
Financiamento para Energia Solar BV
Financiamento Estudantil BV
Financiamento de Veículos BV
Financiamento Saúde BV
Você também pode querer
Emitir 2ª via de boletos
Acessar seu financiamento
Encontre seu veículo
Encontrar uma Loja BV
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Seguro Residencial
Para seu veículo
Para sua casa
Seguro proteção financeira
Seguro de acidentes pessoais
Plano odontológico
Seguro cartão
Assistências
Você também pode querer
Acessar seu seguro
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Sobre o BV private
Produtos e serviços e private
BV DTVM
IR de fundos listados na B3
Transferência de custódia
Distribuição de produtos de investimento
Ofertas públicas
Você também pode querer
Acessar sua conta BV private
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
BV corporate
Investidores institucionais
Open finance
Conheça nossas soluções para empresas
Cash Management
Canais digitais
Empréstimos e financiamentos
Fiança bancária
Mercado de capitais
Investimentos Novo!
Ofertas públicas
Câmbio e comérico exterior
Derivativos
Você também pode querer
Acessar sua conta BV corporate
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Conheça nossas soluções para empresas
Investimentos
Mercado de capitais
Fiança bancária
Ofertas públicas
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Institucional
Segurança
Sobre o BV
Sustentabilidade
BV Open
Trabalhe com a gente
Estrutura societária
Portal de transparência
Ofertas públicas
Inovação
Você também pode querer
Relações com investidores
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
BV Asset
Sobre a BV Asset
Rankings e premiações
Fundos de investimentos
Cotas diárias
Tabelas de rentabilidade
Informações legais
Ofertas públicas
Política de voto
Plataformas de investimento
Documentos legais
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Para você
Veículos
Conta
Cartões
Empréstimos
Financiamentos
Seguros e Assistências
BV private
Open finance
Para empresas
BV corporate
Investidores institucionais
Open finance
Institucional
Institucional
Segurança
BV Asset
BV Asset
Atendimento
Parceiros
Blog BV Inspira
Veículos
Conheça nossas soluções de veículos
Encontre seu veículo Novo!
Simule seu financiamento
Escolha seu seguro
Peça crédito usando seu veículo
Você também pode querer
Emitir 2ª via de boletos
Acessar seu financiamento
Conheça nossos financiamentos
Encontrar um loja BV
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Conta
Saiba mais sobre a Conta BV
Conheça nosso app
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Cartões
Cartões BV
Cartões Dotz BV
Empréstimos
Conheça nossas soluções de empréstimo
Empréstimo Pessoal BV
Empréstimo com Veículo em Garantia BV
Empréstimo Consignado BV
Empréstimo FGTS BV
Você também pode querer
Acessar seu empréstimo
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Financiamentos
Conheca nossos financiamentos
Financiamento para Energia Solar BV
Financiamento Estudantil BV
Financiamento de Veículos BV
Financiamento Saúde BV
Você também pode querer
Emitir 2ª via de boletos
Acessar seu financiamento
Encontre seu veículo
Encontrar uma Loja BV
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Seguros e Assistências
Seguro Residencial
Para seu veículo
Para sua casa
Seguro proteção financeira
Seguro de acidentes pessoais
Plano odontológico
Seguro cartão
Assistências
Você também pode querer
Acessar seu seguro
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
BV private
Sobre o BV private
Produtos e serviços e private
BV DTVM
IR de fundos listados na B3
Transferência de custódia
Distribuição de produtos de investimento
Ofertas públicas
Você também pode querer
Acessar sua conta BV private
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
BV corporate
Conheça nossas soluções para empresas
Cash Management
Canais digitais
Empréstimos e financiamentos
Fiança bancária
Mercado de capitais
Investimentos Novo!
Ofertas públicas
Câmbio e comérico exterior
Derivativos
Você também pode querer
Acessar sua conta BV corporate
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Investidores institucionais
Conheça nossas soluções para empresas
Investimentos
Mercado de capitais
Fiança bancária
Ofertas públicas
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Institucional
Sobre o BV
Sustentabilidade
BV Open
Trabalhe com a gente
Estrutura societária
Portal de transparência
Ofertas públicas
Inovação
Você também pode querer
Relações com investidores
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
BV Asset
Sobre a BV Asset
Rankings e premiações
Fundos de investimentos
Cotas diárias
Tabelas de rentabilidade
Informações legais
Ofertas públicas
Política de voto
Plataformas de investimento
Documentos legais
Você também pode querer
Ir para o chat
Ajuda
Home
Política de privacidade
Política de privacidade
   
Nós cuidamos da sua privacidade, mas, para isso, precisamos da sua ajuda. 
Use sempre nossos canais oficiais para pedir informações e 2ª via de boletos.
Conheça nossos canais de atendimento:
Financiamento, Crédito Pessoal, Consignado e demais produtos
3003 1616 (capitais e regiões metropolitanas)
0800 701 8600 (demais localidades)
SAC (serviço de apoio ao consumidor) Crédito e Financiamento
0800 770 3335
Cartões e Conta BV
3003 7728 (capitais e regiões metropolitanas)
0800 777 2828 (demais localidades)
SAC (serviço de apoio ao consumidor) Cartões e Conta
0800 772 8028
0800 771 0755 (para pessoas com deficiência auditiva ou de fala)
Chat on-line
Acesse pelo link http://www.bv.com.br/site/atendimento
Formulário para solicitação de 2ª via de boletos
Disponível na página http://www.bv.com.br/site/atendimento
Confira também como identificar um boleto falso na página https://www.bv.com.br/bv-inspira/seguranca/boletos-falsos
  Importante saber: nossos colaboradores não solicitam suas informações de acesso, como seu usuário e senha, para fazer qualquer operação.
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE GLOBAL DO CONGLOMERADO FINANCEIRO VOTORANTIM

Esta é a política de privacidade do Conglomerado Financeiro Votorantim (definidos no presente documento como “Política” e “Conglomerado BV”, respectivamente), aplicável ao Banco Votorantim S.A. e ao conjunto de empresas sob seu controle, e disponível por meio dos endereços eletrônicos www.bv.com.br, www.bancobv.com.br, além dos canais digitais do Conglomerado BV, definidos como “Plataformas”. Por meio das Plataformas é possível acessar os serviços prestados pelo Conglomerado BV. Nesta Política, explicamos como tratamos os dados pessoais de nossos clientes e/ou terceiros (“Você”), fornecidos por Você ou coletados pelo Conglomerado BV.
  Cada termo iniciado em letra maiúscula utilizado nesta Política é um termo definido e tem o significado a ele atribuído na Política.
  A Lei nº 13.709/18, Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”), é o primeiro marco regulatório abrangente sobre o tema de proteção de dados pessoais no Brasil e dispõe sobre o tratamento de dados pessoais, inclusive em meios digitais, por pessoa natural ou por pessoa jurídica de direito público ou privado, com objetivo de proteger os direitos fundamentais de liberdade e de privacidade e o livre desenvolvimento da personalidade da pessoa natural. A LGPD define como “dado pessoal” toda informação relacionada a uma pessoa natural identificada ou identificável (“Dados”).
  Tratamento de Dados significa quaisquer operações realizadas com Dados. Tais operações de tratamento incluem coleta, produção, recepção, classificação, utilização, acesso, reprodução, transmissão, distribuição, processamento, armazenamento, arquivamento, eliminação, avaliação ou controle da informação, modificação, comunicação, transferência, difusão ou extração de Dados (“Tratamento”).
  Titular é a pessoa natural (física) a quem se referem os Dados que são objeto de Tratamento (“Titular”).
  A LGPD estabelece como fundamentos da proteção de dados, além do respeito à privacidade e à inviolabilidade da intimidade, a liberdade de expressão, de informação, de comunicação e de opinião, assim como o desenvolvimento econômico e tecnológico, a inovação, a livre concorrência e a livre iniciativa.
  Essa Política fala sobre o Tratamento de Dados pessoais e/ou outras informações fornecidas por Você ao navegar, acessar e/ou utilizar as Plataformas, bem como Dados pessoais e/ou informações coletados pelo Conglomerado BV, nos termos da LGPD.
  Esta Política é aplicável ao Tratamento de Dados em meios digitais e físicos, e regula a forma como Tratamos os seus Dados. Ao acessar e utilizar as Plataformas e/ou contratar os nossos produtos e serviços, como a solicitação de um cartão de crédito, a abertura de uma conta digital, a contratação de uma modalidade de crédito, entre outros (“Serviços”), Você expressamente declara que leu, compreende e aceita o modo que realizamos a coleta, uso e compartilhamento de seus Dados e informações. Leia atentamente este documento e caso Você não concorde com os termos da Política, Você não deverá utilizar as Plataformas e/ou contratar os nossos Serviços.

Os termos “Conglomerado BV”, “nós” ou “nossos”, referem-se ao conjunto de empresas do Conglomerado Financeiro Votorantim; e os termos “Você”, “seu”, “sua”, ao usuário.”     

Entenda abaixo como o Conglomerado BV trata seus Dados Pessoais. 
  Índice

1.     Comprometimento com a segurança dos seus Dados
2.     Dados que coletamos
3.     Como utilizamos os Dados
4.     Do registro de atividades
5.     Compartilhamento e divulgação dos Dados
6.     Nossas bases legais para uso dos Dados 
7.     Armazenamento e exclusão dos Dados
8.     Seus direitos, opções e controles
9.     Segurança da Internet
10.   Alterações a essa Política 
11.   Canais de Relacionamento 


1.   Comprometimento com a segurança dos seus Dados
O Conglomerado BV protege seus Dados enquanto Você navega, acessa ou utiliza as Plataformas, bem como durante o processo de contratação e envio de solicitação de suporte. Por isso, os seus Dados serão mantidos em sigilo e não serão compartilhados ou divulgados a terceiros, salvo nas hipóteses estabelecidas nesta Política e em aderência à legislação e/ou regulamentação vigente, ou em casos em que estes permitam o Tratamento.
2.   Dados que coletamos
Você, ao utilizar as Plataformas e/ou Serviços, concorda expressamente em fornecer apenas Dados verdadeiros, atuais, completos e precisos e em não alterar a sua identidade no acesso e na utilização das Plataformas e/ou dos Serviços. Você será o único responsável pelas informações falsas, excessivas, incorretas, incompletas, ou imprecisas que nos fornecer e pelos danos, diretos ou indiretos, que isso cause ao Conglomerado BV ou a terceiros.
  Os Dados são coletados nas seguintes hipóteses: (i) quando inseridos ou submetidos voluntariamente por Você no acesso às Plataformas e/ou uso dos Serviços, sejam eles digitais ou físicos; (ii) por intermédio da coleta automática de informações de navegação, conforme definidos abaixo, o que inclui, mas não se limita a: criação de conta de acesso, navegação, participação em ofertas e programas, contratação de Serviços e/ou produtos e visitas realizadas; e/ou (iii) quando fornecidos por outros Titulares sobre Você ou por Você sobre outros Titulares. Também coletamos Dados fornecidos por parceiros estratégicos e prestadores de serviços (exemplos: bureaus de crédito, bureaus de fraude, assessoria de cobrança, Fintechs e outras instituições financeiras, entre outros) (“Parceiros”) unicamente nos termos desta Política e de acordo com as leis e regulamentos relativos à proteção de dados pessoais.
  O Conglomerado BV somente recebe ou coleta os seguintes tipos de informações relacionadas a Você: (1) informações de navegação e do seu dispositivo; (2) informações de cadastro; (3) informações financeiras; e (4) informações comerciais, conforme descrito nesta Política.
  Ainda, exclusivamente durante a navegação ou cadastro, o Conglomerado BV também realiza a coleta de Dados Pessoais Sensíveis, tais como: (1) foto facial (selfie); (2) identidade de gênero; e (3) origem racial.

Os Dados Pessoais Sensíveis são utilizados exclusivamente para as seguintes finalidades: (1) identificar e autenticar Você; (2) realizar verificações de antifraude; e (3) apoiar as iniciativas dos Programas de Diversidade e ESG.

Não direcionamos os nossos serviços ao tratamento de dados de crianças e adolescentes, exceto na hipótese de solicitação do pai ou responsável legal para a elaboração de cartões em nome do adolescente. Nesse caso, o Banco BV somente terá acesso ao nome completo e CPF do menor de idade, para fins de identificação e execução de contrato.
Usuários menores de 18 anos não devem tentar se registrar nas Plataformas para ter acesso aos Serviços ou nos enviar qualquer informação. Se tomarmos conhecimento de que coletamos informações de um indivíduo menor de 18 anos em nossas Plataformas, cancelaremos imediatamente a conta criada.
  2.1 Informações de navegação e do seu dispositivo. Podemos coletar as seguintes informações durante o acesso às Plataformas, mesmo que você não esteja cadastrado ou logado:

geolocalização;
seu endereço IP;
data e hora do sistema;
sistema operacional do seu dispositivo;
status do sistema e se você utiliza um simulador;
informações de uso de proxy de internet;
tipo de conexão wi-fi ou rede móvel;
navegador do seu dispositivo;
lista de aplicativos;
serviços acessados;
interações realizadas;
dados técnicos, como informações de URL;
dados de cookies;
os tipos de dispositivos que você está usando para acessar ou se conectar às Plataformas;
atributos do dispositivo, como por exemplo, código IMEI, fabricante, modelo, versão de dispositivo;
nível de bateria do dispositivo;
informações que permitem a gestão dos direitos autorais digitais;
lista de contatos da sua agenda no dispositivo;
Dispositivos Bluetooth conectados; 
  2.2:  Informações de cadastro. Podemos coletar Dados durante o uso ou cadastro das Plataformas tais como:
Nome;
número do CPF;
número do RG ou documento equivalente;
gênero;
e-mail;
número do telefone fixo ou celular;
endereço residencial ou profissional;
data do nascimento;
idade;
nome de usuário;
profissão;
estado civil;
nacionalidade;
local de nascimento;
nome dos pais;
nome do cônjuge;
número do CPF do cônjuge;
senha;
código postal;
país;
domicílio Fiscal (FATCA / CRS);
condição de exposição política (pessoa politicamente exposta); 
sócio de empresa;
identidade de gênero; e
origem racial.
  Caso Você utilize uma conta em rede social (como o Facebook, LinkedIn e Google) para criar o seu cadastro no Conglomerado BV, coletaremos os dados indicados no momento da vinculação da conta da rede social. Os Dados padrão coletados são os indicados abaixo, mas podemos coletar outros dados, que serão informados no momento da coleta:
  telefone;
e-mail.
  2.3 Informações financeiras. Para prestar os Serviços que ofertamos ou que Você contrata, nós podemos coletar os seguintes dados financeiros:
    Número do banco ou instituição de pagamento;
Número da conta (corrente, poupança ou de pagamento);
Extratos;
Saldos;
Renda e Patrimônio;
Dados de Empréstimos;
Investimentos;
Pagamentos;
Inadimplência;
Score de crédito, como por exemplo, Cadastro Positivo.
  2.4 Informações comerciais. Podemos ainda tratar dados comerciais coletados em algumas bases de dados, a exemplo do:
  Número do contrato;
Taxa do contrato;
Proposta;
Preço de venda de veículo;
Boleto de financiamento do veículo;
Registro de bens pessoais.
  As listagens acima poderão eventualmente sofrer atualizações não se limitando a estas categorias, as quais serão refletidas nessa política.

3.   Como utilizamos os Dados
Utilizamos os seus Dados para as seguintes finalidades:

oferecer os Serviços a Você;
realizar o seu cadastro e identificação junto às Plataformas;
aperfeiçoar o uso e experiência em nossos Serviços;
efetuar estatísticas, estudos, pesquisas e levantamentos pertinentes às atividades e comportamento no uso dos serviços, realizando, quando possível, tais operações de forma anonimizada[1];
resguardar direitos e obrigações relacionados ao uso dos serviços, inclusive em medidas judiciais e administrativas;
cumprir obrigações legais e regulatórias do Conglomerado BV;
colaborar e/ou cumprir ordem judicial ou requisição por autoridade administrativa;
mostrar a você publicidade, nas plataformas ou em sites de terceiros;
recomendar para você Serviços ou funcionalidades das Plataformas, inclusive serviços terceiros, que possam te interessar;
manter seu cadastro atualizado para contato por telefone, correio eletrônico, sms, mala direta ou outros meios de comunicação;
atender adequadamente as suas solicitações e dúvidas;
informar sobre produtos pré-aprovados, novidades, funcionalidades, conteúdos, notícias e demais eventos relevantes para a manutenção do relacionamento com você;
realizar a cobrança de valores devidos em contraprestação pelos Serviços contratados e, quando necessário, compartilhando os seus dados com escritórios parceiros que nos prestam serviços de consultoria e cobrança;
enviar mensagens com informações sobre produtos ou Serviços que possam ser do seu interesse;
gerar conhecimento, inovar e/ou desenvolver novos produtos;  
enviar pesquisa de satisfação dos nossos atendimentos para promover melhorias para atendê-lo.
promover os Serviços e produtos do conglomerado e de Parceiros;
compartilhar os Dados coletados para Parceiros para as finalidades descritas neste instrumento e de acordo com o disposto na legislação e/ou regulamentação em vigor, entre elas, a de evitar ocorrência de fraude e riscos associados;
analisar o score de crédito para prestação dos Serviços;
realizar, diretamente ou através de Parceiros, processos de Conheça o Seu Clientes (Know Your Client) e de medidas de prevenção à lavagem de dinheiro, antiterrorismo (AML) e antifraude;
Criação de chave Pix;
Realizar enriquecimento das informações de cadastro quando necessário para a execução do contrato firmado com Você, encaminhamento de comunicações ou atualização de seu cadastro; e
Apoiar as iniciativas dos Programas de Diversidade e ESG.

[1]     A “anonimização” é uma técnica por meio da qual um Dado perde a possibilidade de associação, direta ou indiretamente, a um indivíduo, de modo que posteriormente ficam insuscetíveis de reidentificação por meios técnicos razoáveis e disponíveis no momento do tratamento.

4.   Do registro de atividades
Podemos registrar as atividades realizadas por Você nos Serviços, criando, quando possível e aplicável, logs (registros de atividades efetuadas nos sites, aplicativos e Serviços) que conterão: o endereço IP do dispositivo utilizado por Você, acesso e ações realizadas no Serviço disponibilizado, data e hora de cada ação realizada e informações sobre o dispositivo utilizado por Você, como a versão de sistema operacional, o navegador, e geolocalização.
  Podemos utilizar certas tecnologias de monitoramento das atividades realizadas nas Plataformas, tais como:
  Cookies. São arquivos de dados que podem ser salvos em um dispositivo de acesso do usuário, quando ele utiliza as Plataformas e que ajudam a melhorar a sua experiência em nossas Plataformas. Os cookies podem ser utilizados para diversos propósitos, entre eles, lembrar de Você e de suas preferências e rastrear suas visitas e atividades relacionadas às Plataformas. As Plataformas também podem utilizar objetos armazenados localmente para fornecer determinado conteúdo, tais como vídeo sob demanda, videoclipes ou animação. 
  Caso Você utilize um de nossos serviços, podemos coletar seus dados de navegação. Isso inclui o uso de cookies, que são arquivos de internet, geralmente em formato de texto, que armazenam temporariamente suas preferências e seus hábitos de navegação. Por meio deles, podemos personalizar sua experiência por aqui. Mas fique tranquilo, você pode habilitá-los ou desabilitá-los em seu navegador a qualquer momento, sempre que quiser. Lembre-se apenas de que ao desabilitá-los, algumas funcionalidades do site poderão ser comprometidas.  
  Web beacon.Web beacon  é uma técnica que permite mapear quem está visitando uma determinada página da web, identificando o seu comportamento com diferentes sites ou servidores da web.
  Ferramentas de analytics. Essas ferramentas podem coletar informações como a forma como Você visita as Plataformas do Banco BV, quais páginas visita e quando as visita, bem como outros sites que já foram visitados antes, sempre que autorizado por Você através da gestão de cookies ou outras soluções disponíveis e compatíveis com a tecnologia.
  Todas as nossas tecnologias respeitarão os termos desta Política, da legislação e regulamentação vigente e as suas opções referentes ao tratamento dos Dados.

5.   Compartilhamento
As nossas bases de Dados são de nossa propriedade e a guarda e conservação dos seus dados são de nossa responsabilidade, sendo que seu uso, acesso e compartilhamento, quando necessário, será realizado dentro dos limites legais e regulamentares e propósitos de nossos negócios.
  Sendo assim, seguem abaixo alguns exemplos de situações que podemos compartilhar e divulgar seus Dados de acordo com as finalidades previstas na regulamentação atual:
  Terceiro
Tipo de Dado Compartilhado
Finalidade do Compartilhamento
Outras empresas do mesmo grupo econômico
  Dados de Cadastro
Dados de Navegação
 Contratação de produtos e Serviços; e
 Envio de informações para relatórios gerenciais.
  Parceiros
Dados de Cadastro
Dados de Navegação
Dados financeiros
Envio de informações para relatórios gerenciais;

Oferecer novas ofertas de produtos e Serviços;
 Consulta e realização de operações bancárias; e
 Análise e Reanálise dos Dados para avaliar a possibilidade de concessão de crédito.
Parcerias Bank as a Service “BaaS”
Dados de Cadastro
Dados Financeiros
Liquidação e Custódia de Contas de Pagamento perante o Banco Central (SCR)
 Análise de Conheça o Seu Cliente (Know Your Client) e medidas contra a lavagem de dinheiro e antiterrorismo  
Análise de crédito;  
 Análise de risco e prevenção à fraude; e
 Decisão a respeito de pedido e/ou proposta para contratação de quaisquer Serviços.
  Correspondente bancário[2]   
Dados de Cadastro
Dados de Navegação
Dados financeiros
Oferecer novas ofertas de produtos e Serviços; e
 Contratação de produtos e Serviços.
 Prestadores de serviços do BV, tais como:
 Atendimento aos clientes
Assessoria de Cobrança
Impressão de faturas e outros documentos
Processamento de cartão de crédito
 Campanhas de publicidade
TI - softwares, datacenter ou computação e nuvem
Dados de Cadastro
Dados de Navegação
Dados financeiros
Atender adequadamente as suas solicitações e dúvidas;
 Realizar a cobrança de valores devidos em contraprestação pelo uso das Plataformas;
 Oferecer novas ofertas de produtos e Serviços;
 Contratação de produtos e Serviços; e
Apoiar as iniciativas dos Programas de Diversidade e ESG.
Agências de crédito, bureau de crédito, bureau de dados e outras agências de dados, bem como acesso ao Sistema de Informações de Crédito do Banco Central do Brasil - SCR
  Dados de Cadastro
Dados Financeiros
 Autenticação do usuário
Verificação da veracidade das informações do usuário e dos documentos fornecidos;
 Análise de Conheça o Seu Cliente (Know Your Client) e medidas contra a lavagem de dinheiro e antiterrorismo
Análise de crédito;
 Análise de risco e prevenção à fraude;
 Decisão a respeito de pedido e/ou proposta para contratação de quaisquer Serviços;
 Enriquecimento das informações do usuário para a análise de perfil;
 Análise de renda; e
 Envio de campanhas publicitárias e ofertas de Serviços
Realização de marketing online.

Autoridades judiciais, policiais ou governamentais ou outros terceiros com quem nós sejamos obrigados por lei, norma regulatória ou ordem judicial a compartilhar os Dados,
(Exemplo: BACEN)
Dados de Cadastro
Dados de Navegação
Dados financeiros
 Realização de pagamentos, transferências bancárias e bloqueios judiciais;
 Consulta de informações relacionadas com processos regulatórios e áreas de controle;
 Atendimento a demandas regulatórias, como inspeções e consultas oficiadas; e
 Geração de Indicadores e relatórios regulatórios. 
Em caso de venda ou transferência de parte ou da totalidade do negócio, da operação ou dos Serviços prestados por nós a um terceiro, nos reservamos o direito de divulgar seus dados pessoais ao potencial comprador antes ou depois da venda. Caso a venda não seja realizada, solicitaremos ao potencial comprador que não faça uso e não divulgue seus dados pessoais de qualquer maneira ou forma e que as apague por completo,
Exemplo cessão de carteira de crédito
Dados de Cadastro
Dados financeiros
Envio de informações de contrato.
Serviço em nuvem

Dados de Cadastro
Dados de Navegação
Dados Financeiros
Informações Comerciais
Personalizar a experiência de produtos para usuários.








































   












[2] Correspondente bancário é um prestador de serviços contratado para realizar atividade de atendimento e oferta de produtos a clientes e usuários do Conglomerado BV, podendo realizar a coleta de dados e documentos pessoais necessários para a contratação de empréstimos, cartão de crédito e abertura de contas bancárias. Sua função permite a facilitação de operações financeiras, visto que atua como um “intermediário financeiro”.  
Você fica ciente, desde já, que a análise de risco de crédito será feita também por agências de crédito, bureau de crédito e outras agências que detenham capacidade técnica para a avaliação do risco de crédito e que a pontuação de crédito (credit scoring) atribuída ao usuário por referidas agências levará em consideração diversos dados previamente mantidos na base de dados e escolhidos à exclusivo critério dessas agências, de modo que o Conglomerado BV não tem qualquer responsabilidade ou ingerência sobre os critérios adotados pelas agências para fins de atribuição de pontuação de crédito.
  As Plataformas também podem redirecioná-lo para site(s) ou aplicativo(s) de terceiros. Depois que Você for redirecionado, as práticas de privacidade serão regidas pela política de privacidade e pelos termos de uso dos respectivos terceiros. Não nos responsabilizamos pelas práticas e conteúdo de privacidade de terceiros. Leia atentamente as políticas de privacidade aplicáveis aos terceiros para entender como eles coletam e processam seus Dados.
  Em determinadas situações, quando o Conglomerado BV não puder aprovar eventuais solicitações de concessão de crédito feitas por Você, poderemos compartilhar com nossos Parceiros o seu pedido e seus Dados de forma que estes possam eventualmente avaliar e conceder o crédito do seu interesse.
6.   Nossas bases legais para uso dos Dados
O Conglomerado BV realiza o tratamento de seus Dados de acordo com as bases legais previstas na LGPD, tais como: (i) para o devido cumprimento das obrigações legais e regulatórias; (ii) para o exercício regular de direitos; (iii) com o objetivo de proteção do crédito; (iv) para a execução dos contratos firmados; (v) para atender aos interesses legítimos do Conglomerado BV ou de terceiros; (vi) garantia da prevenção à fraude e à segurança do titular. Ainda, pode ser preciso a coleta de seu consentimento para possibilitar o Tratamento para finalidades específicas e, neste caso, o uso dos seus Dados estará condicionado à sua manifestação livre, informada e inequívoca.

Listamos a seguir casos de tratamento dos Dados, de forma meramente exemplificativa e não exaustiva, com a aplicação de algumas bases legais, conforme registrado em nosso registro das operações de tratamento de dados pessoais, nos termos da LGPD, sendo certo que outras bases legais não aqui mencionadas poderão ser aplicáveis:

  Dados de Cadastro
Uso/Compartilhamento
Base Legal
Contratação de produtos e Serviços
(iv) Execução de Contrato
Oferecer novas ofertas de produtos e Serviços aos nossos clientes
(v) Legítimo Interesse
Geração de Indicadores e Relatórios Regulatórios
(i) Obrigação Legal
Análise de risco e prevenção à fraude
(vi) Garantia de prevenção à fraude e à segurança do titular
Apoiar as iniciativas dos Programas de Diversidade e ESG. 
Fornecimento de consentimento do titular



Dados de Navegação
Uso/Compartilhamento
Base Legal
Oferecer novas ofertas de produtos e Serviços aos nossos clientes
(v) Legítimo Interesse
    Dados Bancários
Uso/Compartilhamento
Base Legal
Realização de Pagamentos e Transferências Bancárias
(iv) Execução de Contrato
 
7.   Armazenamento e exclusão dos Dados

Os Dados são armazenados em ambiente seguro e controlado, por prazo estabelecido legal e/ou regulatoriamente, sendo que para fins de auditoria, preservação de direitos, ou se tivermos alguma outra razão legítima para mantê-los, podemos armazenar os Dados pelo período mínimo de 5 (cinco) anos contados a partir do momento que os dados são armazenados, podendo ser estendido por prazo maior nas hipóteses em que a lei e/ou norma regulatória assim estabelecerem ou para preservação de direitos. Contudo, podemos excluí-lo definitivamente segundo a nossa exclusiva conveniência em prazo menor e desde que não haja qualquer impeditivo legal ou regulatório.
  Os Dados podem ser armazenados em nossos servidores próprios ou de terceiro contratado para esse fim, sejam eles alocados no Brasil ou no exterior, de acordo com os critérios da legislação aplicável, podendo ainda serem armazenados por meios de tecnologia de cloud computing e/ou outras tecnologias que surjam futuramente, visando sempre a melhoria e aperfeiçoamento de nossos Serviços.
8.   Seus direitos, opções e controles
Nos termos das leis e regulamentos relativos à proteção de Dados, incluindo, mas não se limitando a LGPD, Você possui direitos e garantias em relação aos seus Dados. Nós disponibilizamos mecanismos, detalhados abaixo, para que Você tenha clareza e transparência no exercício de seus direitos. Sempre que precisar, nossa equipe estará pronta para atender suas solicitações. Você poderá obter mais informações sobre a LGPD e o exercício de seus direitos e garantias, dentre outras informações relevantes relacionadas aos seus Dados, mediante acesso ao site 
bv.com.br/portaldetransparencia
Caso deseje, Você pode através do Portal de Transparência do Banco BV (bv.com.br/portaldetransparencia) ou através dos canais de atendimento: (i) acessar os seus dados (ii) solicitar informações para confirmar o Tratamento realizado com os seus Dados; (iii) corrigir Dados  que estejam incompletos, inexatos ou desatualizados; (iv) anonimizar, bloquear ou eliminar e Dados desnecessários, excessivos ou tratados em desconformidade com o disposto na LGPD; (v) realizar a portabilidade[3] dos seus Dados a outro fornecedor de serviço ou produto, mediante a regulamentação pela Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD), observados os nossos segredos comerciais e industriais; (vi) revogar o seu consentimento para o tratamento dos seus Dados, quando os Dados forem tratados com base no seu consentimento; (vii) obter informações sobre o compartilhamento dos seus Dados com terceiros; (viii) obter informações sobre a possibilidade de não fornecer o seu consentimento, quando aplicável, e as consequências; (ix) eliminar os seus Dados tratados com base na revogação do seu consentimento, exceto nas hipóteses de conservação de Dados previstas na LGPD; e  (x) oposição ao tratamento que viole a LGPD.
  Caso queira exercer seus direitos previstos na LGPD, você poderá realizar o requerimento pelos seguintes websites: www.bv.com.br/portaldetransparencia, https://www.bv.com.br/atendimento.

[3] O direito à portabilidade permite aos titulares a solicitação da migração das informações cadastradas de uma organização para outra. 
9.   Segurança da Informação
O Conglomerado BV utiliza diversas medidas técnicas e administrativas com o objetivo de proteger os seus Dados de acessos não autorizados e de situações acidentais ou ilícitas de destruição, perda, alteração, comunicação ou difusão dos Dados.
Sobre a transmissão dos seus dados pela internet, destacamos que empregamos esforços técnicos e operacionais através de controles robustos de segurança que previnem contra incidentes envolvendo os seus dados pessoais, mas não conseguimos garantir a  completa segurança durante toda a transmissão, pois apesar de fazermos o nosso melhor, fatores de rede e de operação da sua conexão com a internet, incluindo, por exemplo, uso de redes Wi-Fi públicas, poderão comprometer a segurança dos seus dados até que estejam salvos dentro das nossas Plataformas. A transmissão dos seus dados, incluindo o uso de redes seguras e confiáveis, é de sua exclusiva responsabilidade, e ao concordar com esta Política, reconhece e assume essa responsabilidade.
  Uma vez recebidos seus Dados pelas Plataformas, nós nos comprometemos a assegurar que tais Dados estarão seguros.
  Suas informações são confidenciais. O usuário que você utiliza em nossas Plataformas possui identificação única, que são de caráter pessoal e intransferível, apenas Você tem o conhecimento da senha, é de sua responsabilidade a guarda e sigilo destas informações, desta forma você nunca deve compartilhar os dados de acesso com outras pessoas. Nossos colaboradores nunca irão solicitar suas credenciais de acesso, incluindo a sua senha, para realizar qualquer operação em nossas Plataformas, leia os Termos de Uso do Conglomerado BV, disponível no site https://www.bv.com.br/termo-de-uso. Caso receba algum contato em nome do banco BV solicitando esse tipo de informação, desconfie e nos informe por meio do nosso canal de denúncias disponível no site bv.com.br/canal-de-denuncia.

10. Alterações a essa Política
O Conglomerado BV poderá alterar o conteúdo desta Política a seu exclusivo critério e a qualquer tempo, sendo certo que a versão atualizada estará disponível nas Plataformas.
  Essas alterações também serão divulgadas no site das Plataformas e poderão ser enviadas para o seu e-mail. Você poderá verificar a versão atualizada desta Política toda vez que visitar as Plataformas.

11. Canais de Relacionamento
Segundo a LGPD, o Conglomerado BV é considerado o “Controlador” dos seus Dados, ou seja, todas as decisões sobre o uso dos seus dados são de nossa responsabilidade.
Caso você tenha dúvidas e reclamações sobre qualquer assunto envolvendo os seus Dados Pessoais e como eles são tratados, você pode falar com a gente através do canal oficial de Privacidade e Proteção de Dados do Banco BV, disponível em www.bv.com.br/portaldetransparencia.
Você também pode entrar em contato com o Encarregado de Proteção de Dados dos Banco BV (Leonardo Muroya) através do e-mail privacidados@bv.com.br.
Para os questionamentos não relacionados a LGPD, você deve utilizar os canais de atendimento indicados abaixo.
Se após a leitura deste documento você ainda tiver dúvidas, sobre demais assuntos, você pode falar com a gente pelos canais abaixo:
(i)            Central de Atendimento Financiamento, Crédito Pessoal, Consignado e demais produtos 3003-1616 capitais e demais regiões metropolitanas ou 0800 701 8600 demais localidades e SAC     Financeira 0800 770 3335
(ii)           Central de Atendimento Cartões e Banco Digital 3003-7728 (capitais e regiões metropolitanas) e 0800 777 2828 (demais localidades) e SAC Cartões 0800 772 8028
(iii)          Chat online (acessível pelo link http://www.bv.com.br/site/atendimento); e
(iv)           Formulário disponível na página de atendimento (acessível pelo link http://www.bv.com.br/site/atendimento).


Esta Política de Privacidade Global do Conglomerado Financeiro Votorantim foi atualizada em 09/03/2023
Sobre o BV
Quem somos
Imprensa
Trabalhe com a gente
Parceiro BV
Blog BV Inspira
Produtos
Conta
Cartões
Financiamentos
Financiamento Solar
Empréstimos
Consignado
Seguros
Atendimento
Fale com a gente
Fique em dia
Lojas
Ouvidoria
Canal de denúncias
Conheça também
Dicas de segurança
Baixe o nosso app
Termos de uso
Política de cookies
Política de privacidade
Tarifas e Tributos
Links Oficiais
Manual de Marcação a Mercado
Regras de atuação - RPA
Portabilidade de crédito
Sistema SCR
Siga o BV
Copyright © 2023 Todos os Direitos Reservados
Banco BV S.A. - CNPJ: 01.858.744/0001-10
Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, Torre A, 12⁰ andar, Vila Gertrudes, CEP: 04794-000, São Paulo - SP
Banco Votorantim S.A. - CNPJ: 59.588.111/0001-03
Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, Torre A, 18⁰ andar, Vila Gertrudes, CEP: 04794-000, São Paulo - SP
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Legal Notice Patents

--------------------------------------------------------------

com.spothero.spotheroWeiterleitungshinweis
 Die von dir besuchte Seite versucht, dich an http://spothero.com/privacy-policy weiterzuleiten.

 Falls du diese Seite nicht besuchen möchtest, kannst du zur vorherigen Seite zurückkehren.

--------------------------------------------------------------

pl.onet.mailWeiterleitungshinweis
 Die von dir besuchte Seite versucht, dich an http://ofirmie.onet.pl/polityka-prywatnosci weiterzuleiten.

 Falls du diese Seite nicht besuchen möchtest, kannst du zur vorherigen Seite zurückkehren.

--------------------------------------------------------------

